[ref-arch/eks] Document cluster autoscaler setup instructions (#2673)
gitpod-io/website: gitpod/docs/self-hosted/latest/reference-architecture/_chunks/cluster.md

    tags:
      k8s.io/cluster-autoscaler/enabled: "true"
      # Important - If you change the name of your EKS cluster from the

>       # default cluster name ("gitpod"), update this tag to match

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      # default cluster name ("gitpod"), update the tag below to match
```

kubectl rollout restart deployment.apps/coredns -n kube-system
```

### Enable cluster autoscaling

> Gitpod's resource usage will vary depending on the number of active workspaces and image prebuilds during the day. The use of a cluster autoscaler is recommended to provision and remove EKS nodes on demand.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Gitpod's resource usage will vary depending on the number of active workspaces and image prebuilds during the day. The use of a cluster autoscaler is recommended to scale EKS nodes on demand and thus minimize the cost you pay.
```
